Add National demog and birth projection csvs and FAQ pointing to them (#357)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: user_guide/FAQ.qmd

This page collates some frequently asked technical questions about the model from stakeholders. We will continue to add to this page as the project continues.

## I have sign off to use our own custom population projections - how do I submit these to you?

Once you have all relevant sign-offs, we can accept your population projections 
provided it is delivered to us in a specific format. Please see [this example](../resources/national_demographic_factors.csv) CSV  - please structure your data with the same layout, headings and file format.

> If you also wish to submit a custom birth projection you have two options:

Reviewer: it's not _if_ they wish to submit a custom birth projection - it's essential that they also do either of the options below.

The same variable name is used for the birth projection and the population projections. so if they are using "migration_category" demographic projection they will also use "migration_category" birth projection. Similarly if they end up using "custom_projection" for demographic projection we MUST also use "custom_projection" for birth projection. It's just a question of how the birth projection file is generated.

> If you also wish to submit a custom birth projection you have two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom birth projection is also required. You may select either of the two options below:
```
